hey guys this the card it's during
reviewing the vortex tech this is a debt
that I got from Savannah Zack
productions 101 a American debt review
link in description below her channel
really nice and she ginger as well and
you know I'm ginger thank any ideas guys
we just ginger that's all so you know
tech review isn't it funny how the top
deck degrees are ginger huh see that's
pretty cool let's get Sean into it so on
the front it has a premium a a fear and
it has bought tapes with like this kind
of alien reaching out his tentacles
touching human hands and he has playing
cards of his with pips they're really
cool-looking deck and how she looks like
it kind of bends in there are noticing
it bends in honest Ida has a spire that
inspire conceived crepe designed by Alex
there's someone there we're just kind of
black there and there continues here on
the other side has premium premium
aristocrat stock magic finish there and
then it has a a fiat card logo there and
some information just at the bottom
there aristocrats talking magic finish
maybe the one on my debt oops did I just
tell you I've got a debt coming out
maybe a 20 so it's got custom steel the
top it has an Polka size and has his
custom kind of world seal very cool
and it has this black border going on
the outside with the kind of scrollwork
pattern with all this kind of space
theme looking finger of an eye I'm very
cool inside you get welcome to earth and
it has a free of Hearts reveal on the
tabs there okay we'll move on to the
cards you get a size you get a card that
looks like something spam around and
it's likely to be warped as you can see
that is on these six one two three four
that's on these seven I believe my math
is correct yeah seven yep seven as you
have quite nice gap card then inside the
deck you get two jokers Joker's are an
alien holding a back of a card as you
can see it has Joker Joker it's an alien
it has to say down there
it has something in some text I'd
understands non-english and then you
have the same kind of shadows in the
shadow of the thing and it has the black
design of the Joker then you receive its
will and it has a six of diamonds oh now
when we went to this call it says just
be information about you collect 20 of
these you can send it and get a free
uncut sheet that's pretty cool and it
does you know back to their company and
stuff it's just a advertisement we'll
see about this debt itself now it comes
with a custom ace of spades and the rest
of the ones are different they're quite
cool there looks like they didn't
actually finish the whole deck but oh
well it has an x-rated has a tea of
Constable vortex playing cards with
these nice custom pips then has a
through this big old tentacle ace of
spades with the tool is kind of rectum
back there
and she continues they're going away
free see continues then you guys are
abroad see the royalty has Jack and the
kind of like is that really it's been
drinking Jack it's a very weird Jack and
has the Queen and the king okay we move
onto the back besides you see it has a
kind of nice pin border this kind of
earthy look as you can see I think it's
mirrored its mirror as you see it's very
cool very different very unique we went
to the king the King looks like it's
crying blood out of his eyes that's
pretty pretty weird actually
and it's he continues the Queen fading
the Jack faded in as well and attend the
98 it continues not the custom look to
it we'll move on to the clubs the club's
the Queen the Jack the ten the nine the
a continues to custom this to it then
we'll get to the diamonds
we have the diamonds the Queen the jack
but end the 98.76 but five to four to
three to two and the ace it's really
nice really looking actually now we'll
move on to the way this deck handles
it's a very cool looking debt it does
fan nicely as it's on an aristocrat
stock and an enormous crash tends to
handle well Springs
thank God the floor was there that's
always a good thing
Oh God
gravity did work on this jetpack God and
it's going to be a space dick
so obviously that messed up there we're
gonna see how this and does a giant fan
okay here it goes
does a giant fan perfectly and it does
able to shuffle nicely as well it does a
spring great and a good one we could do
a double lift as well you see we do a
double lift and we can do a color change
and it does which other changes well if
flips great and it's just an all-around
nice deck I like it Savannah wasn't a
big fan apparently but I don't seem to
mind it I think it's quite cool very
different very unique that's a very cool
deck and also I like the way it just you
know I like the way the bat design
looked when you do Charlotte cuts like
this I just like the deck itself so so
this is a really nice depth that you can
get pretty on eBay somewhere but makes
it make sure you just check out Savannah
for sending me this deck to review a big
thanks to her for all her support check
her out link in description below to all
their stuff that's it thanks watch this
video if you enjoyed this video why not
give the video a like just down there
make sure you subscribe to the channel
just up there or down there sorry
I miss your check out previous just up
there that's it I'll see you guys in the
next one
good bye hi all thanks for watching that
video as I mentioned for you to buy this
video why not like the video because it
shows me and Davenports and all the
other companies that you enjoy what
we're putting out and you enjoy the
types of cards that we're reviewing you
may kind of comment on the video but
they may be cute I like it because it
shows us that you enjoy the videos and
it gets more people to see the video
that you liked okay so that's it thanks
for liking the video if you have 19 and
be much appreciated and that's it and
I'll see you guys next time